website: add Apache Arrow 25.0.1 blogpost (#807)
apache/arrow-site: _posts/2026-08-10-25.0.1-release.md

limitations under the License.
{% endcomment %}
-->

The Apache Arrow team is pleased to announce the 25.0.1 release.
The 25.0.1 release is mostly a bugfix release that includes [**9 resolved issues**][1]
on [**10 distinct commits**][2] from [**6 distinct contributors**][2].

See the [Install Page](https://arrow.apache.org/install/) to
learn how to get the libraries for your platform.

The release notes below are not exhaustive and only expose selected highlights
of the release. Many other bugfixes and improvements have been made: we refer
you to the [complete changelog][3].

## C++ notes

* Fix possible Segfault on SVE128 unpack ([GH-50503](https://github.com/apache/arrow/issues/50503)),
  ([GH-50605](https://github.com/apache/arrow/issues/50605)).
* Bump bundled mimalloc to fix possible Segfault with bundled mimalloc ([GH-50471](https://github.com/apache/arrow/issues/50471)),
  ([GH-50428](https://github.com/apache/arrow/issues/50428)).

## Python notes

* Add performance improvement in order to solve Apache Spark's
  performance regression on their switch from regular Python UDFs to
  Arrow serialization by default ([GH-50326](https://github.com/apache/arrow/issues/50326)).

> * Narrow the Feather deprecation to V1 format only ([GH-50808](https://github.com/apache/arrow/issues/50808)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Correct and narrow the Feather deprecation warnings added in 25.0.0
  to the legacy V1 format only. Reading and writing Feather V2 with
  `pyarrow.feather` no longer emit warnings, while V1 reads and writes
  emit `DeprecationWarning` instead of `FutureWarning` ([GH-50808](https://github.com/apache/arrow/issues/50808)).
```
@raulcd, sorry for delay - perhaps if expanding a bit like this makes sense to you, otherwise no need to change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Narrow the Feather deprecation added in 25.0.0 to legacy V1 only.
  `pyarrow.feather` V2 reads and writes no longer warn, while V1 reads and
  writes emit `DeprecationWarning` instead of `FutureWarning` ([GH-50808](https://github.com/apache/arrow/issues/50808)).
```
Actually this mid-sized message would be better.
